Source : http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks.html

-----------


[Source](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks-applications.html "Permalink to applications - AWS OpsWorks")

# applications - AWS OpsWorks

Contains a list of embedded objects, one for each app that exists for the stack. Each embedded object contains the following attributes that describe the application configuration.

Note

The general node syntax for these attributes is as follows, where `_`i`_` specifies the instance's zero-based list index.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["applications"]["_i_"]["_attribute_name_"]

**application_type**
: 

The application's type (string). Possible values are as follows:
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["applications"]["_i_"]["application_type"]

**name**
: 

The user-defined display name, such as `"SimplePHP"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["applications"]["_i_"]["name"]

**slug_name**
: 

A short name , which is an all-lowercase name such as `"simplephp"` that is generated by OpsWorks from the app's name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["applications"]["_i_"]["slug_name"]
    
    
 
[Source](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks-instance.html "Permalink to instance Attributes - AWS OpsWorks")

# instance Attributes - AWS OpsWorks

**architecture**
: 

The instance's architecture, such as `"i386"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["architecture"]

**availability_zone**
: 

The instance's availability zone, such as `"us-west-2a"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["availability_zone"]

**backends**
: 

The number of back-end web processes (string). It determines, for example, the number of concurrent connections that HAProxy will forward to a Rails back end. The default value depends on the instance's memory and number of cores.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["backends"]

**aws_instance_id**
: 

The EC2 instance ID (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["aws_instance_id"]

**hostname**
: 

The host name, such as `"php-app1"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["hostname"]

**id**
: 

The instance ID, which is an AWS OpsWorks Stacks-generated GUID that uniquely identifies the instance (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["id"]

**instance_type**
: 

The instance type, such as `"c1.medium"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["instance_type"]

**ip**
: 

The public IP address (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["ip"]

**layers**
: 

A list of the instance's layers, which are identified by their short names, such as `"lb"` or `"db-master"` (list of string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["layers"]

**private_dns_name**
: 

The private DNS name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["private_dns_name"]

**private_ip**
: 

The private IP address (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["private_ip"]

**public_dns_name**
: 

The public DNS name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["public_dns_name"]

**region**
: 

The AWS region, such as `"us-west-2"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["instance"]["region"]
   

[Source](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks-layers.html "Permalink to layers Attributes - AWS OpsWorks")

# layers Attributes - AWS OpsWorks

The `layers` attribute contains a set of layer attributes, one for each of the stack's layers, which are named with the layer's short name, such as `php-app`. A stack can have at most one each of the built-in layers, whose short names are as follows:

* `db-master`: MySQL layer
* `java-app`: Java App Server layer
* `lb`: HAProxy layer
* `monitoring-master`: Ganglia layer
* `memcached`: Memcached layer
* `nodejs-app`: Node.js App Server layer
* `php-app`: PHP App Server layer
* `rails-app`: Rails App Server layer
* `web`: Static Web Server layer

A stack can contain any number of custom layers, which have user-defined short names.

Each layer attribute contains the following attributes:

**id**
: 

The layer ID, which is a GUID that is generated by OpsWorks and uniquely identifies the layer (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["id"]

**instances**
: 

The `instances` element contains a set of instance attributes, one for each of the layer's online instances. They are named with the instance's host name, such as `php-app1`.

Note

The `instances` element contains only those instances that are in the online state when the particular stack configuration and deployment attributes are created.

Each instance element contains the following attributes:

**availability_zone**
: 

The Availability Zone, such as `"us-west-2a"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["availability_zone"]

**aws_instance_id**
: 

The EC2 instance ID (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["aws_instance_id"]

**backends**
: 

The number of back-end web processes (number). It determines, for example, the number of concurrent connections that HAProxy will forward to a Rails back end. The default value depends on the instance's memory and number of cores.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["backends"]

**booted_at**
: 

The time that the EC2 instance was booted, using the UTC yyyy-mm-dddThh:mm:ss+hh:mm format (string). For example, `"2013-10-01T08:35:22+00:00"` corresponds to 8:35:22 on Oct. 10, 2013, with no time zone offset. For more information, see [ISO 8601][1].
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["booted_at"]

**created_at**
: 

The time that the EC2 instance was created, using the UTC yyyy-mm-dddThh:mm:ss+hh:mm format (string). For example, `"2013-10-01T08:35:22+00:00"` corresponds to 8:35:22 on Oct. 10, 2013, with no time zone offset. For more information, see [ISO 8601][1].
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["created_at"]

**elastic_ip**
: 

The Elastic IP address, which is set to null if the instance does not have one (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["elastic_ip"]

**instance_type**
: 

The instance type, such as `"c1.medium"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["instance_type"]

**ip**
: 

The public IP address (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["ip"]

**private_ip**
: 

The private IP address (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["private_ip"]

**public_dns_name**
: 

The public DNS name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["public_dns_name"]

**private_dns_name**
: 

The private DNS name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["private_dns_name"]

**region**
: 

The AWS region, such as `"us-west-2"` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["region"]

**status**
: 

The status (string). Possible values are as follows:

* `"requested"`
* `"booting"`
* `"running_setup"`
* `"online"`
* `"setup_failed"`
* `"start_failed"`
* `"terminating"`
* `"terminated"`
* `"stopped"`
* `"connection_lost"`
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["instances"]["_instancehostname_"]["status"]

**name**
: 

The layer's name, which is used to represent the layer in the console (string). It can be user-defined and is not necessarily unique.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["layers"]["_layershortname_"]["name"]

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601


[Source](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks-stack.html "Permalink to stack Attributes - AWS OpsWorks")

# stack Attributes - AWS OpsWorks

**address**
: 

The instances URL, such as `opsinstance.ccdvt3hwog1a.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["address"]

**allocated_storage**
: 

The allocated storage, in GB (number).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["allocated_storage"]

**arn**
: 

The instance's ARN (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["arn"]

**auto_minor_version_upgrade**
: 

Whether to automatically apply minor version upgrades (Boolean).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["auto_minor_version_upgrade"]

**availability_zone**
: 

The instance's Availability Zone, such as `us-west-2a` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["availability_zone"]

**backup_retention_period**
: 

The backup retention period, in days (number).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["backup_retention_period"]

**db_instance_class**
: 

The DB instance class, such as `db.m1.small` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_instance_class"]

**db_instance_identifier**
: 

The user-defined DB instance identifier (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_instance_identifier"]

**db_instance_status**
: 

The instance's status (string). For more information, see [DB Instance][1].
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_instance_status"]

**db_name**
: 

The user-defined DB name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_name"]

**db_parameter_groups**
: 

The instance's DB parameter groups, which contains a list of embedded objects, one for each parameter group. For more information, see [Working with DB Parameter Groups][2]. Each object contains the following attributes:

**db_parameter_group_name**
: 

The group name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_parameter_groups"][_j_"]["db_parameter_group_name"]

**parameter_apply_status**
: 

The apply status (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_parameter_groups"][_j_"]["parameter_apply_status"]

**db_security_groups**
: 

The instance's database security groups, which contains a list of embedded objects, one for each security group. For more information, see [Working with DB Security Groups][3]. Each object contains the following attributes

**db_security_group_name**
: 

The security group name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_security_groups"][_j_"]["db_security_group_name"]

**status**
: 

The status (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_security_groups"][_j_"]["status"]

**db_user**
: 

The user-defined Master User name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["db_user"]

**engine**
: 

The database engine, such as `mysql(5.6.13)` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["engine"]

**instance_create_time**
: 

The instance creation time, such as `2014-04-15T16:13:34Z` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["instance_create_time"]

**license_model**
: 

The instance's license model, such as `general-public-license` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["license_model"]

**multi_az**
: 

Whether multi-AZ deployment is enabled (Boolean).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["multi_az"]

**option_group_memberships**
: 

The instance's option group memberships, which contains a list of embedded objects, one for each option group. For more information, see [Working with Option Groups][4]. Each object contains the following attributes:

**option_group_name**
: 

The group's name (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["option_group_memberships"][_j_"]["option_group_name"]

**status**
: 

The group's status (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["option_group_memberships"][_j_"]["status"]

**port**
: 

The database server's port (number).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["port"]

**preferred_backup_window**
: 

The preferred daily backup window, such as `06:26-06:56` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["preferred_backup_window"]

**preferred_maintenance_window**
: 

The preferred weekly maintenance window, such as `thu:07:13-thu:07:43` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["preferred_maintenance_window"]

**publicly_accessible**
: 

Whether the database is publicly accessible (Boolean).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["publicly_accessible"]

**read_replica_db_instance_identifiers**
: 

A list of the read-replica instance identifiers (list of string). For more information, see [Working with Read Replicas][5].
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["read_replica_db_instance_identifiers"]

**region**
: 

The AWS region, such as `us-west-2` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["region"]

**status_infos**
: 

A list of status information (list of string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["status_infos"]

**vpc_security_groups**
: 

A list of VPC security groups (list of string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["stack"]["rds_instances"]["_i_"]["vpc_security_groups"]

[1]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Overview.DBInstance.html
[2]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html
[3]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithSecurityGroups.html
[4]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithOptionGroups.html
[5]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html


[Source](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/attributes-json-opsworks-other.html "Permalink to Other Top-level opsworks Attributes - AWS OpsWorks")

# Other Top-level opsworks Attributes - AWS OpsWorks

**activity**
: 

The activity that is associated with the attributes, such as `deploy` (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["activity"]

**agent_version**
: 

The version of the instance's OpsWorks agent (string).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["agent_version"]

**deploy_chef_provider**
: 

The Chef deploy provider, which influences a deployed app's directory structure (string). For more information, see [deploy][1].You can set this attribute to one the following:
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["deploy_chef_provider"]

**ruby_stack**
: 

The Ruby stack (string). The default setting is the enterprise version (`ruby_enterprise`). For the MRI version, set this attribute to `ruby`.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["ruby_stack"]

**ruby_version**
: 

The Ruby version that will be used by applications (string). You can use this attribute to specify only the major and minor version. You must use the appropriate [["ruby"]][2] attribute to specify the patch version. For more information about how to specify a version, including examples, see [Ruby Versions][3]. For complete details on how AWS OpsWorks Stacks determines the Ruby version, see the built-in attributes file, [ruby.rb][4].
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["ruby_version"]

**run_cookbook_tests**
: 

Whether to run [minitest-chef-handler][5] tests on your Chef 11.4 cookbooks (Boolean).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["run_cookbook_tests"]

**sent_at**
: 

When this command was sent to the instance (number).
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["sent_at"]

**deployment**
: 

If these attributes are associated with a deploy activity, `deployment` is set to the deployment ID, an AWS OpsWorks Stacks-generated GUID that uniquely identifies the deployment (string). Otherwise the attribute is set to null.
    
    
    node["opsworks"]["deployment"]

[1]: https://docs.chef.io/resource_deploy.html
[2]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/attributes-recipes-ruby.html "ruby Attributes"
[3]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/workingcookbook-ruby.html "Ruby Versions"
[4]: https://github.com/aws/opsworks-cookbooks/blob/release-chef-11.10/ruby/attributes/ruby.rb
[5]: https://github.com/calavera/minitest-chef-handler
